Rory H Millington

ISTA220 Chapter 10

15 Mar, 2018

1. What does an array look like in memory?

   An array is an unordered sequence of items. All the items in an array have the same type, unlike the fields in a structure or class, which can have different types. The items in an array live in a contiguous block of memory and are accessed by using an index, unlike fields in a structure or class, which

2. Where is memory allocated to hold an array, on the stack or on the heap?

    Arrays are reference types, regardless of the type of their elements. This means that an array variable refers to a contiguous block of memory holding the array elements on the heap, just as a class variable refers to an object on the heap. (For a description of values and references and the differences between the stack and the heap, see Chapter 8, “Understanding values and references.”) This rule applies regardless of the type of the data items in the array. Even if the array contains a value type such as int, the memory will still be allocated on the heap; this is the one case where value types are not allocated memory on the stack.

3. Where is memory allocated to hold an array reference, on the stack or on the heap?

    Heap

4. Can an array hoold values of diﬀerent types? This is a trick question, the answer is, “It depends.”

 
5. Describe the syntax of the condition or a foreach loop.

    The foreach statement declares an iteration variable (in this example, int pin) that automatically acquires the value of each element in the array. The type of this variable must match the type of the elements in the array. The foreach statement is the preferred way to iterate through an array; it expresses the intention of the code directly, and all of the for loop scaffolding drops away. However, in a few cases, you’ll find that you have to revert to a for statement:

6. How do you make a deep copy of a array?

    If you need to create a deep copy of such an array, you must use appropriate code in a for loop.

7. What is the diﬀerence between a multi-dimensional array and an array of arrays?

    section, multidimensional arrays can consume a lot of memory. If the application uses only some of the data in each column, allocating memory for unused elements is a waste. In this scenario, you can use a jagged array, for which each column has a different length. No space is allocated for elements that the application is not going to use.

Sharp, John. Microsoft Visual C# Step by Step (Developer Reference) (p. 231). Pearson Education. Kindle Edition. 


8. How do you “ﬂatten” a multidimensional array? In other words, take something that looks like a matrix  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 and turn it into an array [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9]?
1