ISTA220 Homework Chapter 12

Author: Rory H Millington

24 Mar 2018

1. How does inheritance promote the principle of don’t repeat yourself (DRY)?

    You can use inheritance as a tool to avoid repetition when defining different classes that have a number of features in common and are quite clearly related to one another.

2. What is the syntax of a derived class that inherits from a base class?

    DerivedClass : BaseClass

3. Do all useer deﬁned types (classes and structs) inherit from some base class? If so, what is it?

     Inheritance applies only to classes, not to structures. You cannot define your own inheritance hierarchy with structures, and you cannot define a structure that derives from a class or another structure. All structures actually inherit from an abstract class named System.ValueType.

4. What happens if you do not have a default constructor in a base class when creating a derived class?

    You'll get an compile time error. 

5. Can you assign a variable of a derived class to another variable of its base class? Why or why not?

    However, it is possible to refer to an object from a variable of a different type as long as the type used is a class that is higher up the inheritance hierarchy.

6. Can you assign a variable of a derived class to another variable of of a derived class of its base class? Why or why 
not?

    

7. Can you assign a variable of a base class to another variable of a derived class? Why or why not?

8. Under what circumstances would you want to use the new keyword when deﬁning a method in a derived class?


9. What is a virtual method? Why would you want to deﬁne a virtual method?

10. What does override do? Why does it do it?

11. How do you deﬁne an extension type?

12. Why do you deﬁne an extension type?
