ISTA 220 Homework Chapter 13

Rory H Millington

29 March 2018

1. What is an interface as the term is used on object-oriented programming?

	An interface does not contain any code or data; it just specifies the methods and properties that a class that inherits from the interface must provide.

2. How do you deﬁne an interface?

	Defining an interface is syntactically similar to defining a class, except that you use the interface keyword instead of the class keyword. Within the interface, you declare methods exactly as in a class or a structure, except that you never specify an access modifier (public, private, or protected).

3. Can an interface have variables, ﬁeld or properties?

	An interface cannot contain any data; you cannot add fields (not even private ones) to an interface.

4. How do you deﬁne a method in an interface?

	When you implement an interface, you must ensure that each method matches its corresponding interface method exactly, according to the following rules:  The method names and return types match exactly.  Any parameters (including ref and out keyword modifiers) match exactly.  All methods implementing an interface must be publicly accessible. However, if you are using an explicit interface implementation, the method should not have an access qualifier.

5. Can you instantiate an object through an interface? Why or why not?
	Yes.You remove the dependency on a concrete code. 


6. Using the new keyword, can you declare a reference to an interface? 
	
	Yes, depending on what you trying to do with implementation.


7. Can an object inherit from multiple interfaces? Can a class implement multiple interfaces? If so, how can it do so?

	In the same way that you can reference an object by using a variable defined as a class that is higher up the hierarchy, you can reference an object by using a variable defined as an interface that the object’s class implements.


	To implement an interface, you declare a class or structure that inherits from the interface and that implements all the methods specified by the interface. This is not really inheritance as such, although the syntax is the same and some of the semantics
 

8. What does it mean to explicitely implement an interface?

	To do this, you specify which interface a method belongs to when you implement it,

	
9. What are the restrictions on interfaces?
	
	 You’re not allowed to define any fields in an interface, not even static fields. A field is an implementation detail of a class or structure.  You’re not allowed to define any constructors in an interface. A constructor is also considered to be an implementation detail of a class or structure.  You’re not allowed to define a destructor in an interface. A destructor contains the statements used to destroy an object instance. (Destructors are described in Chapter 14, “Using garbage collection and resource management.”)  You cannot specify an access modifier for any method. All methods in an interface are implicitly public.  You cannot nest any types (such as enumerations, structures, classes, or interfaces) inside an interface.  An interface is not allowed to inherit from a structure or a class, although an interface can inherit from another interface. Structures and classes contain implementation; if an interface were allowed to inherit from either, it would be inheriting some implementation.

10. What is the diﬀerence between an abstract class and an interface?

	An Abstract class without any implementation just looks like an Interface; however there are lot of differences than similarities between an Abstract class and an Interface.

	An abstract class is only to be sub-classed (inherited from). In other words, it only allows other classes to inherit from it but cannot be instantiated. 

	An interface is not a class. It is an entity that is defined by the word Interface. An interface has no implementation; it only has the signature or in other words, just the definition of the methods without the body. 

	The main difference between them is that a class can implement more than one interface but can only inherit from one abstract class. Since C# doesn’t support multiple inheritance, interfaces are used to implement multiple inheritance. 


11. What is an abstract method?
	
	Abstract classes are similar to interfaces in many ways, except that abstract classes can contain code and data. However, you can specify certain methods of an abstract class as virtual so that a class that inherits from the abstract class can optionally provide its own implementation of these methods. You frequently use abstract classes with interfaces, and together they provide a key technique with which you can build extensible programming frameworks, as you will discover in this chapter.

12. What is an sealed class?

	With C#, you can use the sealed keyword to prevent a class from being used as a base class if you decide that it should not be.

13. What is an sealed method?

	You can also use the sealed keyword to declare that an individual method in an unsealed class is sealed. This means that a derived class cannot override this method. You can seal only a method declared with the override keyword, and you declare the method as sealed override. You can think of the interface, virtual, override, and sealed keywords as follows:  An interface introduces the name of a method.  A virtual method is the first implementation of a method.  An override method is another implementation of a method.  A sealed method is the last implementation of a method.




