Ista220 Chapter 14

Rory H Millington

30 Mar 2018

1. What is the difference between a managed resource and an unmanaged resource?

	Managed resources basically means "managed memory" that is managed by the garbage collector. When you no longer have any references to a managed object (which uses managed memory), the garbage collector will (eventually) release that memory for you.

	Unmanaged resources are then everything that the garbage collector does not know about. For example:
	Open files
	Open network connections
	Unmanaged memory
	In XNA: vertex buffers, index buffers, textures, etc. 

2. When is memory for an object (reference type) allocated? When is the memory deallocated?

	The new operation converts the chunk of raw memory to an object; it has to initialize the object. You can control this phase by using a constructor.

	When the variable goes out of scope, the object is no longer being actively referenced. The object can then be destroyed, and the memory that it is using can be reclaimed.

3. What is a destructor?

	A destructor is a special method, a little like a constructor, except that the CLR calls it after the reference to an object has disappeared.

4. What is the diﬀerence in syntax between a constructor and a destructor?

	The syntax for writing a destructor is a tilde (~) followed by the name of the class.

5. Give some examples of scarce resources. Why would you want to manage scarce resources?


6. What is exception-safe disposal?

	One way to ensure that a disposal method (such as Close) is always called, regardless of whether there is an exception, is to call the disposal method within a finally block.

7. How do you think that the using statement works for resource management? Give an informal, English language, explanation of how it works.

	The using statement simplifies the code that you have to write to create and then finally clean up the object. 

	A using statement is translated into three parts: acquisition, usage, and disposal. The resource is first acquired, then the usage is enclosed in a try statement with a finally clause. The object then gets disposed in the finally clause

	The using statement is only useful for objects with a lifetime that does not extend beyond the method in which the objects are constructed. Remember that the objects you instantiate must implement the System.IDisposable interface.


8. What ill eﬀects could result from attempting to dispose of a resource more than once?

	(Your application might call Dispose, but before the method completes, your object might be subject to garbage collection and the Dispose method run again by the CLR from the destructor.)

	If an object's Dispose method is called more than once, the object must ignore all calls after the first one. The object must not throw an exception if its Dispose method is called multiple times. 

9. We will look at threads later in the term. For now, what is your understanding of how threads interact with resource management? A good guess is a sufficient answer to this question.


10. Why does the book recommend not attempting to force the garbage collector? Are their any exceptions to this recommendation?
