ISTA220 HomeWork Chapter 15

Rory H Millington

04 April 2018

1. What is the difference between a property and a feild?

	A property is a member that provides a flexible mechanism to read, write, or compute the value of a private field. Properties can be used as if they are public data members, but they are actually special methods called accessors. This enables data to be accessed easily and still helps promote the safety and flexibility of methods. 

	A field is a variable of any type that is declared directly in a class or struct. Fields are members of their containing type. Generally, you should use fields only for variables that have private or protected accessibility. 


2. What is the difference between a property and a method?

	A property is a cross between a field and a method—it looks like a field but acts like a method.

	Properties can be used as if they are public data members, but they are actually special methods called accessors

3. What is your understanding of encapsulation?

	Encapsulation is defined 'as the process of enclosing one or more items within a physical or logical package'. Encapsulation, in object oriented programming methodology, prevents access to implementation details.

	Encapsulation is implemented by using access specifiers. An access specifier defines the scope and visibility of a class member. C# supports the following access specifiers −
	Public
	Private
	Protected
	Internal
	Protected internal

4. Some languages are case insensitive, that is, an ‘a” and an “A” are considered to be the same letter. C# is case sensitive. What implications does this have regarding the naming of variables, methods, and other identiﬁers? Do you think that the diﬀerence in case in the initial character of two diﬀerent identiﬁers is suﬃcient to distinguish them¿
	
	 Lowercase _x and _y are private fields.  Uppercase X and Y are public properties.  

	I think when needed its good practice and makes the code more readable.\

	It just makes sense sometimes to call the instance the same thing as the class name, and the only way to tell them apart is the casing.  

5. Give an example that is not in the book of an instance where you might want to use a read-only property. Give an example not in the book of an instance where you might want to use s write-only property.

	Read-only seems appropriate when you have a use for something later on in the program an d dont have a need to make it a const up front. From what I read there was not a good reason for a writeline and inferred it to crappy code.


6. Can you think of a reason why you might ever want to make getters and setters private? Give an example. Also, make a case why getters and setters should never be private.

	I loved the private setters big time - helped me re-factor ugly classes. They also make it impossible to declare and set a non-constant instance variable at once like so: private File settingsFile = null; and then in one of constructors: if (settingsFile == null) { settingsFile = GetSettingsFile() };. Refactoring code like that made me cry sometimes :). Just because you can set a member before the constructor, does not mean that you should, for, with multiple constructors, this makes it HARD to follow the logic. Private setters force you to set values inside of constructor or later. 


7. What are restrictions on the use of properties?

	 You can assign a value through a property of a structure or class only after the structure or class has been initialized. The following code example is illegal because the location variable has not been initialized (by using new):

	 You can’t use a property as a ref or an out argument to a method (although you can use a writable field as a ref or an out argument). This makes sense because the property doesn’t really point to a memory location; rather, it points to an accessor method, such as in the following example:

	 A property can contain at most one get accessor and one set accessor. A property cannot contain other methods, fields, or properties.  The get and set accessors cannot take any parameters. The data being assigned is passed to the set accessor automatically by using the value variable.  You can’t declare properties by using const, such as is demonstrated here:





8. What is an object initializer? What is the syntax for an object initializer?
