1. Give ﬁve examples (using valid C# code) of the ﬁve bitwise operators listed in the text.

	Operator Description Example

	&
	Binary AND Operator copies a bit to the result if it exists in both operands.
	(A & B) = 12, which is 0000 1100

	|
	Binary OR Operator copies a bit if it exists in either operand.
	(A | B) = 61, which is 0011 1101

	^
	Binary XOR Operator copies the bit if it is set in one operand but not both.
	(A ^ B) = 49, which is 0011 0001

	~
	Binary Ones Complement Operator is unary and has the effect of 'flipping' bits.
	(~A ) = 61, which is 1100 0011 in 2's complement due to a signed binary number.

	<<
	Binary Left Shift Operator. The left operands value is moved left by the number of bits specified by the right operand.
	A << 2 = 240, which is 1111 0000
	>>
	>
	Binary Right Shift Operator. The left operands value is moved right by the number of bits specified by the right operand.
	A >> 2 = 15, which is 0000 1111	

2. Does C# implement the right-shift (>>) operator? If so, give an example of its operation using valie C# code.

	Yes

3. Explain in detail this code: bits & (1 << index);.

	1 is shifted by index = result
	bits & results 

4. Explain in detail this code: bits |= (1 << index);.
	
	1 is shifted by index = result bit at index is evaluated to true regardless of its first state.

5. Explain in detail this code: bits &= (1 << index);.

	1 is shifted by index = result bits and result = true if both bits and results are true
6. How does C# interpret this? bool peek = bits[n];


7. How does C# interpret this? bits[n] = true;


8. How does C# interpret this? bits[n] ^= true;


9. Assume that users were assigned read, write, and execute permissions according to this scheme: read = 1, write = 2, execute = 4. How would you interpret the following user permissions:
(a) permission = 0 (b) permission = 1 (c) permission = 2 (d) permission = 3 (e) permission = 4 (f) permission = 5 (g) permission = 6 (h) permission = 7


10. Answer the previous question by converting the decimal permissions into binary permissions. What does this tell you about using this shceme of permissions?
