ISTA220 Homework Chapter 17

Rory H Millington

14 April 2018

1. What is a type parameter?

	In a generic type or method definition, a type parameters is a placeholder for a specific type that a client specifies when they instantiate a variable of the generic type

2. What does a type parameter do?	

	Generics improves code usability, type safety and performance.
	Mostly Generics are used for creating collection classes.
	You can use Generics by adding System.Collections.Generic namespace.
	You can create your own Generic interfaces, classes, methods, events and delegates.


3. How many type parameters can a generic class have?

	Multiple, but mostly we think of one type parameters.

4. What is the difference between a generic class and a generalized class?

	Generics improves code usability, type safety and performance.
	Mostly Generics are used for creating collection classes.
	You can use Generics by adding System.Collections.Generic namespace.
	You can create your own Generic interfaces, classes, methods, events and delegates.


5. What is a constraint? How do you specify a constraint?

	Constraints are specified by using the where contextual keyword


6. What is a generic method? How do you deﬁne a generic method?

	A generic method is a method that is declared with type parameters

7. What do we mean when we cay that a generic type interface is invariant?

	Means you can only use the type originally specified.

8. What do we mean when we cay that a generic type interface is co-variant?

	Enables you to use a more defined type then originally specified. 

9. Does co-variance work with value types? Does it work with reference types?

	No for value types.

10. What do we mean when we cay that a generic type interface is contravariant?

	It allows you to use a gerneric interface. to reference an object of type B thru a reference type A as long as type b derives from a.
