1. You are building a help ticket system. You want to ensure that the older the ticket, the sooner it will be handled by the team. For example, a ticket submitted a week ago has a higher priority than a ticked just submitted. What kind of data structure would you use, and why?

	Queue<T> First in First Out

2. You are building a tracking system for seasonal agricultural farm labor. Te labor requirements vary widely, depending on the season. Your requirement is that the newest hires are terminated ﬁrst, and that our more experienced hires are kept longer. What kind of data structure would you use, and why?

	Stack<T> Last in, First Out

3. You are building a transaction database. Your requirement is that the database adds data very quickly, and that deletions, updates, and searches happen infrequently. In other words, data is typically added in the order in which the transaction occurs. What kind of data structure would you use, and why?
	
	List


4. You are building an analytically database. Your requirement is that the database handle queries very quickly, but that the data never changes, i.e., there are no inserts, deletions, or updates. What kind of data structure would you use, and why?

	The Dictionary C# data structure is extremely useful data structure since it allows the programmer to handle the index keys. Retrieving a value is pretty straight forward:Notice how convenient the Dictionary data structure is, in that there is no need to cast between types
	Dictionary<string, int> myDictionary = new Dictionary<string, int>();
	myDictionary.Add("one", 1);
	myDictionary.Add("twenty", 20);

5. You are building a personnel directory, where searched are performed by last name, ﬁrst name, middle name. What kind of data structure would you use, and why?

	Dictionary or Sorted list. 


6. You are building a username/password database. Your requirement is that updates happen frequently (when users change their passwords) and that searches (to authenticate users) happenb extremely quickly. What kind of data structure would you use, and why?

	Linked List. 


7. What is a lambda expression? Give an example. Why would we use a lambda expression?

	A lambda expression is an anonymous function that you can use to create delegates or expression tree types.	

8. What is the diﬀerence between lambda expressions and anonymous methods? What are the advantages of each?

	Anonymous methods were added primarily so that you can define delegates without having to create a named method—you simply provide the definition of the method body in place of the method name, like this:
 